Class and Object Collaboration
Problem Description:

1. Implement a Minimal Checking Account Class for Simulation.
    a) Has a balance field.
    b) Define a Constructor which creates an Account with an opening
       balance specified by user.  
    c) Define a method to retrieve the balance.
    d) Define a deposit method.
    e) Define a withdraw method.
    f) Define a transfer-funds method to transfer funds FROM 
       Savings Account Object TO a Checking Account Object.

2. Implement a Simple Credit Card Class for Simulation.
    a) Has a balance, finance rate (static field), and
       a credit limit as its fields.
    b) Define a Constructor which creates a CreditCard object with a
       default credit limit of $5000.
    c) Define static method to set finance rate.
    d) Define a method to retrieve the balance.
    e) Define a method to post credit card charges.
    f) Define method to apply end of month finance charge.
    g) Define a method to make a direct payment TO Credit Card account
       FROM customer's Checking Account.

3. Implement a Minimal Savings Account Class for Simulation.
    a) Has a balance field and static interest rate field.
    b) Define a Constructor which creates an Account with an
       opening balance specified by user.  
    d) Define a method to retrieve the balance.
    e) Define a deposit method.
    f) Define a withdraw method.
    g) Static method to set interest rate.
    h) Define a method to compute interest on balance at 
       end of month and apply to the balance.
    i) Define a transfer-funds method to transfer funds FROM 
       Checking Account Object TO a Saving Account Object.

Using these Classes write a simulation program which has the 
    following transactions each month:

	Begin with $500 in checking and savings account.

      1. deposit pay    1000-2000
      2. savings         100-200
      3. loan payment    700-800
      4. pay 5 bills      30-80
      5. 10 card charges  20-90
      6. card payment    200-300
      7. end of month processing

      Use Random Generator to generate your data.	

    Run simulation for  8 months.
    Show account balances at end of each month.	
